README.md, before:

# DataResources

MathCS.org - Statistics
https://mathcs.org/statistics/datasets/index.html

19 Free Public Data Sets for Your Data Science Project
https://www.springboard.com/blog/free-public-data-sets-data-science-project/

7 public data sets you can analyze for free right now
https://www.tableau.com/learn/articles/free-public-data-sets

Google Cloud Public Datasets
https://cloud.google.com/public-datasets/

Awesome Public Datasets
https://github.com/jdarangor/awesome-public-datasets#software

Worked to develeped end-to-end Power BI reports and posted them to Power BI service.
created Smartview-Excel applications to extract data from Essbase, and review its quality. Data then used to build Power BI reports for executive consumption. 
created Excel-Access based models to track Essbase datachanges, to discover missed assign expenses, to forecast shipping rates, and to review data hierarchies.
Created and maintained Power BI reports, uses DAX, Power Pivot, Power Query, Power Data
worked to create custome visuals D3 framework. 
DaxStudio knowledge.
Power Query, Power BI Desktop, Powew BI service

Data analyst
Data analysts decipher and interpret data, and businesses use them to expose inefficiencies, forecast trends, prepare reports, and make strategic decisions. The average entry-level salary is about $60,000, while senior jobs can pay about $138,000.
Developer (back-end)
Back-end developers create the inner workings of websites and are proficient in data storage, security, capacity issues, and testing. They earn an average yearly salary of about $117,000 and an hourly rate of about $65 an hour.
Developer (front-end)
Front-end developers design the appearance and style of websites, creating the images and presentations that users see. They earn an average yearly salary of about $70,000 and an hourly rate of about $50 an hour.
UX designer
UX design is centered on user experience: where people and products intersect. UX designers find ways to make sure goods and technology are accessible and easy to use so that users will have a good experience and will return. Earning an average annual salary of about $74,000, they might design checkout systems for online shopping, menu selections for restaurant take-out and delivery, or reservations web pages for an airline.


link
https://app.powerbi.com/reportEmbed?reportId=8dec1b92-081c-4b59-8c57-1a8be2b84f35&autoAuth=true&ctid=5c590b26-36c0-4450-a3c9-acd90cfd4ea1&config=eyJjbHVzdGVyVXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly93YWJpLXVzLWVhc3QyLXJlZGlyZWN0LmFuYWx5c2lzLndpbmRvd3MubmV0LyJ9
iframe
<iframe width="1140" height="541.25" src="https://app.powerbi.com/reportEmbed?reportId=8dec1b92-081c-4b59-8c57-1a8be2b84f35&autoAuth=true&ctid=5c590b26-36c0-4450-a3c9-acd90cfd4ea1&config=eyJjbHVzdGVyVXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly93YWJpLXVzLWVhc3QyLXJlZGlyZWN0LmFuYWx5c2lzLndpbmRvd3MubmV0LyJ9" frameborder="0" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>
sharepoint
https://app.powerbi.com/reportEmbed?reportId=8dec1b92-081c-4b59-8c57-1a8be2b84f35&config=eyJjbHVzdGVyVXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly93YWJpLXVzLWVhc3QyLXJlZGlyZWN0LmFuYWx5c2lzLndpbmRvd3MubmV0LyJ9

US Data
https://usafacts.org/data/topics/people-society/population-and-demographics/population-data/population/?

Rest Countries
http://restcountries.eu/#api-endpoints-all

World o meter
https://www.worldometers.info/ 
https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/ Coronavirus

Plane Crash Info
http://www.planecrashinfo.com/1958/1958.htm

COVID-19 Tableu
https://www.tableau.com/covid-19-coronavirus-data-resources

Commit message:

RPA added
Robotic Process Automation Definition added

README.md, after:

# DataResources

MathCS.org - Statistics
https://mathcs.org/statistics/datasets/index.html

19 Free Public Data Sets for Your Data Science Project
https://www.springboard.com/blog/free-public-data-sets-data-science-project/

7 public data sets you can analyze for free right now
https://www.tableau.com/learn/articles/free-public-data-sets

Google Cloud Public Datasets
https://cloud.google.com/public-datasets/

Awesome Public Datasets
https://github.com/jdarangor/awesome-public-datasets#software

Worked to develeped end-to-end Power BI reports and posted them to Power BI service.
created Smartview-Excel applications to extract data from Essbase, and review its quality. Data then used to build Power BI reports for executive consumption. 
created Excel-Access based models to track Essbase datachanges, to discover missed assign expenses, to forecast shipping rates, and to review data hierarchies.
Created and maintained Power BI reports, uses DAX, Power Pivot, Power Query, Power Data
worked to create custome visuals D3 framework. 
DaxStudio knowledge.
Power Query, Power BI Desktop, Powew BI service

If this is your first encounter with RPA, please take a moment to have a quick run through what it is and what the automation-first mindset means.
RPA is probably the fastest path to digital transformation and one of the most efficient and effective. To better understand why, let’s see first what it is and what it can do. RPA, or Robotic Process Automation, is the technology that enables computer software to emulate and integrate actions typically performed by humans interacting with digital systems.
RPA robots are able to capture data, run applications, trigger responses, take decisions based on predefined rules and communicate with other systems. RPA primarily targets processes which are highly manual, repetitive, rule-based, with low exceptions rate and standard electronic readable input.
RPA solutions can be thought of as virtual robotic workforces, whose operational management is made by the business line (only supported by IT), just like for a human workforce.

Data analyst
Data analysts decipher and interpret data, and businesses use them to expose inefficiencies, forecast trends, prepare reports, and make strategic decisions. The average entry-level salary is about $60,000, while senior jobs can pay about $138,000.
Developer (back-end)
Back-end developers create the inner workings of websites and are proficient in data storage, security, capacity issues, and testing. They earn an average yearly salary of about $117,000 and an hourly rate of about $65 an hour.
Developer (front-end)
Front-end developers design the appearance and style of websites, creating the images and presentations that users see. They earn an average yearly salary of about $70,000 and an hourly rate of about $50 an hour.
UX designer
UX design is centered on user experience: where people and products intersect. UX designers find ways to make sure goods and technology are accessible and easy to use so that users will have a good experience and will return. Earning an average annual salary of about $74,000, they might design checkout systems for online shopping, menu selections for restaurant take-out and delivery, or reservations web pages for an airline.


link
https://app.powerbi.com/reportEmbed?reportId=8dec1b92-081c-4b59-8c57-1a8be2b84f35&autoAuth=true&ctid=5c590b26-36c0-4450-a3c9-acd90cfd4ea1&config=eyJjbHVzdGVyVXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly93YWJpLXVzLWVhc3QyLXJlZGlyZWN0LmFuYWx5c2lzLndpbmRvd3MubmV0LyJ9
iframe
<iframe width="1140" height="541.25" src="https://app.powerbi.com/reportEmbed?reportId=8dec1b92-081c-4b59-8c57-1a8be2b84f35&autoAuth=true&ctid=5c590b26-36c0-4450-a3c9-acd90cfd4ea1&config=eyJjbHVzdGVyVXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly93YWJpLXVzLWVhc3QyLXJlZGlyZWN0LmFuYWx5c2lzLndpbmRvd3MubmV0LyJ9" frameborder="0" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>
sharepoint
https://app.powerbi.com/reportEmbed?reportId=8dec1b92-081c-4b59-8c57-1a8be2b84f35&config=eyJjbHVzdGVyVXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly93YWJpLXVzLWVhc3QyLXJlZGlyZWN0LmFuYWx5c2lzLndpbmRvd3MubmV0LyJ9

US Data
https://usafacts.org/data/topics/people-society/population-and-demographics/population-data/population/?

Rest Countries
http://restcountries.eu/#api-endpoints-all

World o meter
https://www.worldometers.info/ 
https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/ Coronavirus

Plane Crash Info
http://www.planecrashinfo.com/1958/1958.htm

COVID-19 Tableu
https://www.tableau.com/covid-19-coronavirus-data-resources
